Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 11 September 1997

Those in attendance:  David Astley, Matthew Bray, Christian Bullow, Martin Carrick, Dale Edwards, Daniel Edwards, Peter Fordyce, Simon Gallimore, Darryl Greensill, Travis Hall, Gary Johnson, Steven Richardson, Ben Skellett, Fenelon Smith, Sebastian Tauchmann, Bronwyn Walker, Alister Whipp.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Gary Johnson 11.00 A.M.
 2. Reports given by President Bronwyn Walker and Treasurer Dale Edwards. Both reports accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for.  Peter Fordyce nominated by David Astley, seconded by Darryl Greensill, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 4. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for.  Daniel Edwards nominated by David Astley, seconded by Sion Gallimore, but declined the nomination. Ben Skellett nominated by Travis Hall, seconded by Steven Richardson, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for.  Dale Edwards nominated by Peter Fordyce, seconded by Bronwyn Walker, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 6. Nominations for the position of Editor called for. Ben Skellett nominated by Peter Fordyce, seconded by Dale Edwards, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 7. Nominations for the non-Executive position of Vice-President called for. Darryl Greensill nominated by Sebastian Tauchmann, seconded by Fenelon Smith, and accepted the nomination. David Astley nominated by Travis hall, seconded by Peter Fordyce, and accepted the nomination.
 8. Motion: "That the members should elect two Vice-Presidents for 1998," proposed by Simon Gallimore, seconded by Steven Richardson, and passed unanimously. Darryl Greensill and David Astley elected unopposed.
 9. Motion: "That the following amendments be made to the Constitution:
     a. That the clause 'one month prior to the Annual General Meeting' be added to the end of section 9.c.iv (the Treasurer's duties), which currently reads 'to present the Club's books once yearly on request for audit by the Clubs and Societies Financial Officer'.
     b. That section 10.c be changed from 'If in any election, the Secretary determines that there is only one candidate, he/she shall be empowered to declare that candidate elected unopposed without putting the matter to a vote' to 'If in any election there is only one candidate for the position, that candidate shall be elected unopposed without putting the matter to a vote'.
     c. That the sentence 'Any informality or irregularity in the election must be brought to the attention of the Clubs and Societies Administrative Officer before fourteen (14) days have elapsed' be inserted as section 11.c.
     d. That section 13 be changed from 'The Annual General Meeting must be held at a meeting between the first day of September and the last day of October in each year' to 'The Annual General Meeting must be held at a meeting in the month of September'."
    proposed by Bronwyn Walker, seconded by Sebastian Tauchmann, and passed unanimously.
10. Members discussed how unsuccessful the separate meetings for chess players have been in the previous six months. The matter was left in the hands of the Executive.
11. Members discussed the appointed positions of Custodian and Briscon Representative (2). The matter was left in the hands of the Executive. 
12. Members discussed the upcoming 20th anniversary of the foundation of the Society.
13. Motion: "That the Society should hold social events to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the foundation of the Society," proposed by Gary Johnson, seconded by Sebastian Tauchmann, and pased unanimously.
14. Motion: "That the social events mentioned in the previous motion should not include a video night," proposed by Darryl Greensill, seconded by Martin Carrick, and defeated 5-6 with 6 abstentions.
15. Meeting closed 11.40 A.M.