Minutes of the Special General Meeting 3 April 1999

Those in attendance:  David Astley, Kate Davis, Dale Edwards, Daniel Edwards, B. Fraser (non-member), Peter Fordyce, Nicholas Frampton, Darryl Greensill, Brad Henry (by proxy), Gary Johnson, Kenneth Murray, Edward Pan, Steven Richardson, Aaron Rubin, Robert Sampson, Fenelon Smith, Sebastian Tauchmann, Alister Whipp, Matt Wilson, Yuen Hoong Woon.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Peter Fordyce 12.00 PM.
 2. Nominations for the position of Acting President called for.  Kate Davis nominated by Darryl Greensill, seconded by David Astley, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 3. Nominations for the position of Acting Secretary called for.  Edward Pan nominated by Nicholas Frampton, but declined the nomination.  Nicholas Frampton nominated by Darryl Greensill, seconded by David Astley, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 4. Nominations for the position of Acting Treasurer called for.  Aaron Rubin nominated by Fenelon Smith, seconded by Dale Edwards, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Editor called for.  Kate Davis nominated by David Astley, seconded by Sebastian Tauchman, and accepted the nomination.  Nicholas Frampton nominated by Edward Pan, seconded by Kenneth Murray, and accepted the nomination.  Kate Davis subsequently withdrew as a candidate, Nicholas Frampton elected unopposed.
 6. Nominations for the position of Vice-President called for.  David Astley nominated by Gary Johnson, seconded by Kate Davis, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 7. Nominations for the position of Custodian called for.  Gary Johnson nominated by Daniel Edwards, seconded by David Astley, and accepted the nomination.  Fenelon Smith nominated by Nicholas Frampton, seconded by Edward Pan, and accepted the nomination.  Gary Johnson elected 12-2 with 5 abstentions.
 8. Appointments to the position of Briscon Representatives left in the hands of  the Executive Committee.
 9. Motion: "That the title of Briscon Representative be changed to Conference Representative," proposed by Darryl Greensill, seconded by Gary Johnson, and passed unanimously.
 10. Motion: "That the Executive Committee should organise more gaming events," proposed by Fenelon Smith, seconded by Darryl Greensill, and passed 9-0 with 9 abstentions.
 11. Motion: "That the Executive Committee should reconsider the current subscription fee for membership," proposed by Darryl Greensill, and the Executive Committee verbally agreed to consider the matter.
 12. Meeting closed 12.34 P.M.