Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 11 September 1999

Those in attendance:  David Astley, Robert Brockway (non-member), Kate Davis, Dale Edwards, Daniel Edwards, Nicholas Frampton, Darryl Greensill, Brad Henry, Gary Johnson, Kenneth Murray, Edward Pan, Aaron Rubin,  Fenelon Smith, Bronwyn Walker (non-member).

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Gary Johnson 12.33 P.M.
 2. Reports given by President Kate Davis, Secretary Nicholas Frampton, and Treasurer Aaron Rubin. All reports accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for.  Kate Davis nominated by David Astley, but declined the nomination.  Edward Pan nominated by Kate Davis, seconded by Daniel Edwards, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 4. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for.  Nicholas Frampton nominated by David Astley, seconded by Fenelon Smith, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for.  Aaron Rubin nominated by David Astley, but declined the nomination.  As no further nominations were forthcoming, the position was declared vacant.
 6. Nominations for the position of Editor called for. Nicholas Frampton nominated by Darryl Greensill, seconded by Kate Davis, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 7. Motion: "That the Vice-President(s) should have as a principal duty the recruitment of new members at O-Week and during the year," proposed by Darryl Greensill, amendment: "That the Vice-President(s) should be the coordinator(s) of society activities in O-Week 2000," added by David Astley, seconded by Kate Davis, and passed unanimously.
 8. Motion: "That the subscription fee for membership should be raised to $5.00 per annum," proposed by Darryl Greensill, seconded by Kate Davis, and passed 7-2 with 5 abstentions.
 9. Motion: "That the members should elect two Vice-Presidents for 2000," proposed by Daniel Edwards, seconded by Gary Johnson, and passed 6-5 with 1 abstention.
10. Nominations for the position of Vice-President called for.  Darryl Greensill nominated by Kate Davis, seconded by Gary Johnson, and accepted the nomination.  David Astley nominated by Nicholas Frampton, seconded by Fenelon Smith, and accepted the nomination.  Darryl Greensill and David Astley elected unopposed.
11. Motion: "That the society should purchase traditional games (such as cards, draughts, and traditional boardgames like Scrabble)," proposed by Nicholas Frampton, seconded by Edward Pan, and passed 7-3 with 2 abstentions.
12. Request for feedback on selling by auction old and unused society property made by Gary Johnson.  The members recommended that the Custodian catalogue those items most suitable for sale for further consideration by the members.
13. Meeting closed 1.15 P.M.
