Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 5 September 2009

Those in attendance: Brian Balzamo, Kahl Barry, Chris Burke, Aidan Cockroft, Angus Fraser, Lachlan Fraser, Tyson Henning, Gary Johnson, Jared Mallett, Nikolas Moore, Michael Morrell, Devin Smith, Alex Stosse, Keir Swanborough, Sebastian Winterflood.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Lachlan Fraser at 2:45 PM.
 2. President's report given by Jared Mallet and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Lachlan Fraser and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Angus Fraser and accepted unanimously. Custodian's Report given by Gary Johnson and accept unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for. Jared Mallett nominated by Kahl Barry, seconded by Angus Fraser, and accepted the nomination. Lachlan Fraser nominated by Devin Smith, seconded by Tyson Henning, and accepted the nomination. Tyson Henning nominated by Jared Mallett, seconded by Sebastian Winterflood, and accepted the nomination. Lachlan Fraser elected with 7 votes to 5 votes for Jared Mallett, 2 votes for Tyson Henning, and 1 abstention.
 4. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for. Sebastian Winterflood nominated by Angus Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and accepted the nomination. Devin Smith nominated by Aidan Cockroft, seconded by Lachlan Fraser, and accepted the nomination. Devin Smith elected 8-7.
 5. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for. Hugh Pearse nominated by Devin Smith, seconded by Angus Fraser, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 6. Motion: "That the phrase 'with the exception of network computer gaming' be removed from section 3.1 of the Constitution so that it reads, 'The aim of the Society is to foster gaming on campus and in the wider community.'" Proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and passed unanimously.
 7. Motion: "That section 3.2(f) of the Society's objectives, 'to encourage, support, and publish research into relevant aspects of history and technology', be removed from the Constitution and subsequent sections renumbered as appropriate." Proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and defeated 6-6 with 3 abstentions.
 8. Motion: "That the second sentence of section 5.2 of the Constitution, 'The payment of the membership subscription means that the member is considered a financial member of the club for the period of one (1) year, dated from the first day of March of the year of subscription, be amended so that it reads, The payment of the membership subscription means that the member is considered a financial member of the club for the period of one (1) year, dated up to the first of March of the year following the year of subscription.'" Proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and defeated unanimously.
 9. Motion: "That section 7.1 of the Constitution, 'The Secretary shall keep a register in which shall be entered the names, student numbers, residential addresses and dates of admission of all persons admitted to membership of the Society, be amended so that it reads, The Secretary shall keep a register in which shall be entered the names, student numbers (if applicable) and contact details of all persons admitted to membership of the Society.'" Proposed by Devin Smith, seconded by Lachlan Fraser, and passed unanimously.
10. Motion: "That the phrase, 'and currently students of the University of Queensland', be added to the third sentence of section 8.1 of the Constitution so that it reads, 'Membership of the Management Committee shall not be restricted other than by being a member of the University of Queensland Union and currently students of the University of Queensland.' " Proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and defeated unanimously.
11. Motion: "That section 8.3(c) of the election process for the Management Committee, 'balloting lists shall be prepared (if necessary) containing the names of the candidates in alphabetical order, and each member present at the Annual General Meeting shall be entitled to vote for any number of such candidates not exceeding the number of vacancies', be removed from the Constitution and subsequent sections renumbered as appropriate." Proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and passed 12-0 with 3 abstentions.
12. Motion: "That section 12 of the Constution (Meetings of Management Committee), be revised to remove the requirement for the Management Committee to meet every 2 months and to allow all members of the Management Committee to call a meeting of the Management Committee, the revised text to read,
     >> 12.1 The Management Committee shall meet together and regulate its proceedings as required to exercise its functions.
     >> 12.2 Meetings of the Management Committee shall be called by any member of the Management Committee with seven (7) days notice. Such notice shall clearly state the reasons why said meeting is being convened, the nature of the business to be discussed thereat and the date, time and place of the meeting.
     >> 12.3 The Secretary (or nominee for the meeting) must keep an accurate record of resolutions passed at all Management Committee meetings.
     >> 12.4 A simple majority of 50% plus one (1) of members elected or appointed to the Management Committee as at the close of the last General Meeting of the members of the Society shall constitute a quorum of the Management Committee.
     >> 12.5 Questions, matters or resolutions arising at any meeting of the Management Committee shall be decided by a majority of votes and, in the case of a tied vote, the question shall be deemed to be decided in the negative.
     >> 12.6 A member of the Management Committee shall not vote in respect of any matter in which the member is financially interested, or any matter arising thereout, and if the member does so vote the member's vote shall not be counted.
     >> 12.7 The President (or nominee for the meeting) shall preside as chairperson at every meeting of the Management Committee. If there is no President, or if at any meeting the President is not present within ten (10) minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, or if the President is unwilling to act, then the members of the Management Committee may choose one (1) of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.
     >> 12.8 If within thirty (30) minutes from the time appointed for the commencement of a Management Committee meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting shall lapse."
    Proposed by Gary Johnson, seconded by Lachlan Fraser, and passed unanimously.
13. Motion: "That the sentence, 'The Annual General Meeting will be held in the month of September each year', be removed from section 16 of the Constitution." Proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and passed unanimously.
14. Motion: "That the requirement to hold 2 general meetings per semester be removed from section 20.1 of the Constitution so that it reads, 'The Secretary shall convene General Meetings of the Society by giving not less than fourteen (14) days notice of any such meeting to the members of the Society.'" Proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and passed unanimously.
15. Motion: "That section 23.7 of the Constitution, 'All expenditure shall be approved or ratified at a Management Committee meeting', be removed and subsequent sections renumbered as appropriate." Proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, and defeated unanimously.
16. Members were advised that the procedures for borrowing Society property would be enforced more stringently in the coming year, as several games had been taken from the Society's storage cupboards without an entry being made into the Borrowers' Book.
17. Members expressed concern that the Society's cash reserves seemed larger than necessary to ensure that the ongoing operations of the Society were fully funded. After discussion, the issue was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
18. Members were advised that the Management Committee intended to update the look and feel of the Society website in the coming year, as the current website was designed in the late 1990s. Members were invited to provide feedback on the website and on the website's content to the Management Committee.
19. Members were asked if the Society's Yahoo group should be transferred to a different provider, such as a Google group. After discussion, the issue was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
20. Members suggested that the Management Committee should appoint vice-presidents with responsibility for specific meetings and categories of games, such as Monday night meetings and roleplaying games, and the Management Committee verbally agreed to consider the matter.
21. Meeting closed 4:10 P.M.
