Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 6 September 2003

Those in attendance:  Malcolm Allison, David Astley, Simon Brown, Tim Butland, Stephen Chandler, Daniel Edwards, Kylie Fisher, Steve Getto, Travis Hall, Adam Horsten, Nicole Hoye, Clifford Huntington, Gary Johnson, Alyssa Juergens, Nina Mason, Rory McNeil, Nikolas Moore, Brennan See, Tim Woodhams.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Kylie Fisher 12.40 P.M.
 2. President's report given by Kylie Fisher and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Nicole Hoye and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Nikolas Moore and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for.  Tim Woodhams nominated by Gary Johnson, seconded by Daniel Edwards, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 4. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for.  Alyssa Juergens nominated by Nicole Hoye, seconded by Gary Johnson, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for.  Nikolas Moore nominated by Gary Johnson, seconded by Nicole Hoye, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 6. Motion: "That the Society should continue to provide facilities for Living Greyhawk meetings," proposed by Nicole Hoye, seconded by Gary Johnson, and passed 18-0 with 1 abstention. Members expressed concern that the majority of attendees at Living Greyhawk meetings were not financial members of the Society, and that it was not clear what liability the Society would have for these non-members if there was an accident at a meeting.
 7. Motion: "That the Management Committee should appoint a Vice-President to liaise with and organise venues for Living Greyhawk meetings in 2004," proposed by David Astley, seconded by Rory McNeil, and passed unanimously. Nicole Hoye accepted the appointment and gave an undertaking to encourage attendees at Living Greyhawk meetings to become financial members of the Society.
 8. Members discussed how to encourage more members to attend Society meetings. A number of suggestions were discussed, including holding up to three or four special events each year, and the need to find volunteers willing to organise and run events was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
 9. Motion: "That Gary Johnson be granted honorary life membership of the Society," proposed by David Astley, seconded by Kylie Fisher, and passed 18-0 with 1 abstention.
10. Meeting closed 1.10 P.M.
