Minutes of the Special General Meeting 3 March 2007

Those in attendance: Alan Alpert, Frank Alpert, David Astley, Brian Balzamo, Alex Blakeley, Simon Brown (non-member), Chris Burke, Ernest Cheung, Adam Crompton, Horatio Davis, Daniel Edwards, Angus Fraser, Lachlan Fraser, Amelia Gray, Darryl Greensill, Bjorn Hake, Gary Johnson, Brian Jordan, Kwok Kar Mun, Jason Mackay-Dwyer, Jared Mallett, Ailsa McKenzie, Nikolas Moore, Agnes Takacs, Dean Thomas, Jeff Thomson, Tim Woodhams.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Gary Johnson 1.40 PM.
 2. President's report given by Brian Balzamo and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Gary Johnson on behalf of Alyssa Juergens and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Nikolas Moore and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of Acting President called for. Tim Woodhams nominated by Jared Mallett, seconded by Chris Burke, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed
 4. Nominations for the position of Acting Secretary called for. Jared Mallett nominated by Dean Thomas, seconded by David Astley, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Acting Treasurer called for. Chris Burke nominated by Gary Johnson, seconded by Jared Mallett, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 6. Motion: "That the reference to the Queensland Wargamer be removed from section 11.3 of the Constitution so that it reads, 'The Management Committee will take full responsibility for all publications produced by the Society or by any of its members'." Proposed by Gary Johnson, seconded by Tim Woodhams, and passed unanimously.
 7. Tim Woodhams advised members that he would hold lunch-time meetings for all games on Tuesdays from 12 PM to 3 PM in the Activities tea room, and invited all members to attend.
 8. Daniel Edwards advised members that Travis Hall (Secretary 1994-1995, Custodian 1996-1998) was leaving Brisbane after a fifteen-year association with the Society, and members expressed their thanks to Travis for his long-standing involvement with the Society.
 9. Meeting closed 1.55 P.M.
