Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 17 September 2005

Those in attendance: David Astley, Brian Balzamo, Andrew Bautovich, Alex Blakeley, Simon Brown, Stephen Chandler (non-member), Eric Faccer, Travis Hall, Zoe Holmes (non-member), Bronwyn Johnson (non-member), Gary Johnson, Alyssa Juergens, Edward Kung, Christina Lynch (non-member), Rory McNeil, Nikolas Moore, Jeff Thomson, Alex Toolsie, Thomas Whitney, Peter Williams, Tim Woodhams.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Tim Woodhams 1.40 P.M.
 2. President's report given by Tim Woodhams on behalf of Andrew Bautovich and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Alyssa Juergens and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Nikolas Moore and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for. Brian Balzamo nominated by Nikolas Moore, seconded by Alex Twoosie, and accepted the nomination. Andrew Bautovich nominated by Alyssa Juergens, seconded by Travis Hall, and accepted the nomination. Brian Balzamo elected 11-3 with 3 abstentions.
 4. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for. Alyssa Juergens nominated by David Astley, seconded by Tim Woodhams, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for. Nikolas Moore nominated by David Astley, seconded by Alex Twoosie, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 6. Motion: "That section 11.3 of the Constitution be amended so that it reads, 'The Management Committee will take full responsibility for all publications produced by the Society or by any of its members, and shall ensure that new content is uploaded to the Society's online magazine, The Queensland Wargamer, at least once each calendar year'." Proposed by Gary Johnson, seconded by Travis Hall, and passed unanimously.
 7. Motion: "That The Queensland Wargamer shall be produced in an electronic format that allows members to be issued a printed copy of the current issue on application to the Secretary." Proposed by Gary Johnson, seconded by Angus Fraser, and defeated 2-3 with 12 abstentions.
 8. Motion: "That the Society should purchase one or two tables designed to be used for playing poker," proposed by Eric Faccer and seconded by Gary Johnson. It was agreed that the Society should support the poker meetings on the basis of regular attendances of 20 to 30 participants, but some concern was expressed about the up-front cost of the tables ($350 each). Eric and the Management Committee undertook to explore ways of generating additional income to offset the cost of buying the tables, and on that basis the motion was passed 13-0 with 4 abstentions.
 9. Motion: "That the Society should purchase new games for use by members," proposed by Tim Woodhams and seconded by David Astley. Following discussion, the Management Committee undertook to poll all members about what gaming materials the Society should provide for use by members, and the issue was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
10. Meeting closed 2.15 P.M.
