Minutes of the General Meeting 2 December 2000

Those in attendance:  David Astley, David Cowland-Cooper, Simon Corvan (by proxy), Paul Douglas, Darryl Greensill, Travis Hall, Gary Johnson, Rory McNeil, Nikolas Moore, Kenneth Murray, Edward Pan, David Prasser, Fenelon Smith, Brandon Young, Osborn Young.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Gary Johnson 12.37 P.M.
 2. Motion: "That the following amendments be made to the Constitution:
     a. That section 27 of the Constitution be amended so the financial year of the Society shall close on 30 June in each year.
     b. That the following sections be added to section 23 (Alteration of Rules):
         >> 23.3 A special resolution is passed at a meeting if -
         >>  a. at least three quarters (3/4) of the members of the Society who vote in person or by proxy at the meeting vote in favour of the resolution; and
         >>  b. any additional requirements of the Constitution relating to the passage of a special resolution have been met.
         >> 23.4 A resolution is not considered a special resolution unless at least twenty-one (21) days notice has been given to all members of the Society specifying that the resolution is to be considered a special resolution.
         >> 23.5 A declaration by the chairperson of the meeting that the special resolution has been carried is conclusive proof of that fact unless a poll is demanded.
         >> 23.6 Only those members entitled by the Constitution to vote may vote on a special resolution.
     c. That the final sentence of section 4 be changed so that honorary life membership is granted by special resolution of the Society.
     d. That section 15 (First Full Affiliation Meeting) be deleted and that other sections of the Constitution be renumbered as appropriate."
    proposed by Gary Johnson, seconded by Nicholas Frampton, and passed unanimously.
 3. Motion: "That the Society should organise a movie night to see the D&D movie on opening night in January," proposed by David Astley, seconded by Paul Douglas, and passed unanimously. After some discussion it was agreed that members who paid before the night would have half the cost of the discounted ticket funded by the Society, while those who paid on the night would pay the whole cost of the discounted ticket. The Management Committee delegated the organisation and preparation for the movie night to David Astley and directed him to prepare a budget and report back to them.
 4. Motion: "That the Society should prepare and publish a schedule of events for each coming year," proposed by Darryl Greensill, seconded by David Astley, and passed unanimously. The Management Committee delegated the organisation and publication of such a schedule to to the Custodian.
 5. Report on the Chess Sub-Committee's schedule of events and preliminary budget for events in the coming year given by the Vice-President for Chess, David Cowland-Cooper, and accepted unanimously.
 6. Further to minute 12 of the 1999 AGM, the Custodian presented a catalogue of Society property most suitable for sale to the members. The members directed the Custodian to make amendments to the catalogue, which was done. Motion: "That the Society should endeavour to sell the property listed in the Custodian's catalogue," proposed by David Astley, seconded by Paul Douglas, and passed 12-0 with 3 abstentions.
 7. Meeting closed 1.24 P.M.
