Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 22 September 2001

Those in attendance:  David Astley, Kevin Brake, Robert Brockway, Paul Douglas, Kylie Fisher, Nicholas Frampton, Darryl Greensill, Bronwyn Johnson, Gary Johnson, Rory McNeil, Nikolas Moore, Kenneth Murray, David Prasser, Doug Turk, Ben Yeoh, Emanuel Zelniker.

Apologies: James Cooper.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Gary Johnson 1.00 P.M.
 2. President's report given by Paul Douglas and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Paul Douglas and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Nicholas Frampton and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for.  Kylie Fisher nominated by Gary Johnson, seconded by Darryl Greensill, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 4. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for.  James Cooper nominated by Gary Johnson, seconded by Darryl Greensill, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for.  Ben Yeoh nominated by Darryl Greensill, seconded by Bronwyn Johnson, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 6. Expressions of interest in assisting the Management Committee in the running of the Society called for, the appointment of individuals to the position of Custodian, Editor or Vice-President to be made by the Management Committee in due course. Gary Johnson expressed interest in holding the position of Custodian. Nicholas Frampton expressed interest in holding the position of Editor. David Astley, Kevin Brake and Darryl Greensill expressed interest in holding the position of Vice-President.
 7. Custodian Gary Johnson called for opinions on whether or not the Society should continue to subscribe to Dragon magazine. Members expressed concern that our annual subscription through Military Simulations had increased from $97.00 in 2000 to $193.40 in 2001 due to circumstances beyond the Society's control (the introduction of the GST, increases in cover price, and unfavourable exchange rates). A number of strategies to minimise the financial demand on the Society's budget were discussed, and the matter was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
 8. Motion: "That the Management Committee should negotiate with Military Simulations to obtain a discount for Society members," Proposed by Bronwyn Johnson, seconded by Robert Brockway, passed 15-0 with 1 abstention.
 9. Members expressed interest in attending a movie night to see the first Lord of the Rings movie when it premieres in December, and the matter was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
10. Meeting closed 1.25 P.M.
