Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 25 September 2004

Those in attendance: David Astley, Nathan Barton, Andrew Bautovich, Simon Brown, Stephen Chandler, James Cooper, Daniel Edwards, Kylie Fisher, Darryl Greensill, Travis Hall, Bronwyn Johnson, Gary Johnson, Alyssa Juergens, Rory McNeil, Nikolas Moore, Tim Woodhams.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Tim Woodhams 1.30 P.M.
 2. President's report given by Tim Woodhams and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Alyssa Juergens and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Nikolas Moore and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for. Andrew Bautovich nominated by Tim Woodhams, seconded by Alyssa Juergens, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 4. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for. Alyssa Juergens nominated by Tim Woodhams, seconded by David Astley, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for. Nikolas Moore nominated by Tim Woodhams, seconded by Andrew Bautovich, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 6. Members discussed continuing the Society's support for Living Greyhawk meetings, as the majority of attendees at Living Greyhawk meetings were not financial members of the Society and it was not clear what liability the Society would have for these non-members if there was an accident at a meeting. It was agreed that the Society supported the principles of continuing to provide facilities for Living Greyhawk meetings and of inviting attendees of Living Greyhawk meetings to join the Society, and the issue was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
 7. Members discussed the Society's support for freeform roleplaying events. It was agreed that that the Management Committee should appoint a Vice-President to liaise with and organise freeform roleplaying events in 2005. Tim Woodhams accepted the appointment.
 8. Members discussed how to encourage more members to attend Society meetings and to encourage more University of Queensland Student Union members to join the Society. A number of suggestions were discussed, including increasing the Society's advertising on campus and holding events on weekdays and weeknights, and the issue was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
 9. Meeting closed 2.10 P.M.
