Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 29 September 2014

Those in attendance: Thomas Bremner, Simon Brown, Angus Cai, Angelo Chan, Crystal Chua, Aidan Cockroft, Heather Croft, Cameron Etches, Joel Fenwick, Cathy Foot, Chris Greener, Bjorn Hake, Ben Haley, Ned Hoy, Marc Lim, Yong Ming Lim, Callum Mason, Alia Stark.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Callum Mason at 7:00 PM.
 2. President's report by Dominik Osaka tabled by Callum Mason and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Callum Mason and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Thomas Bremner and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for. Marc Lim nominated by Heather Croft, but declined the nomination. Thomas Bremner nominated by Ned Hoy, seconded by Callum Mason, and accepted the nomination. Thomas Bremner elected unopposed.
 4. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for. Ned Hoy nominated by Thomas Bremner, seconded by Crystal Chua, but declined the nomination. Alia Stark nominated by Heather Croft, but declined the nomination. Angelo Chan nominated by Heather Croft, but declined the nomination. Ben Haley nominated by Chris Greener, seconded by Yong Ming Lim, and accepted the nomination. Ben Haley elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for. Alia Stark nominated by Joel Fenwick, seconded by Bjorn Hake, and accepted the nomination. Alia Stark elected unopposed.
 6. Members discussed options for storage and transportation of the Society's games to and from meetings, and the Management Committee undertook to investigate buying a trolley and a new storage crate.
 7. Motion: "That the Management Committee appoint Yong Ming Lim as Vice-President with responsibility for running Magic: The Gathering meetings and events, and for investigating the possibility of forming a separate club for this purpose" proposed by Callum Mason, seconded by Heather Croft, and passed unanimously.
 8. Members discussed creating a poll to identify games to be purchased by the Society. It was noted that the inventory on the Society's website was out of date and needed to be updated. It was further suggested that members should have the option to list their personal games as well. The Management Committee undertook to investigate and take action.
 9. Meeting closed 8:00 P.M.
