Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 6 October 2012

Those in attendance: Brian Balzano, Mok Teck Ching, Aidan Cockroft, Cameron Etches, Lachlan Fraser, Cho Jie Fu, Chris Greener, Bjorn Hake, Tyson Henning, Georgia Hutchman, Jesse Irwin, Philip Irwin, Gary Johnson, Marc Lim, Yong Ming Lim, Carey Main, Callum Mason, Dominic Osika, Devin Smith, Alia Stark, Maximillian von Neumann, Sebastian Winterflood.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Gary Johnson at 1:00 PM.
 2. President's report given by Aidan Cockroft and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Maximillian von Neumann and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for. Callum Mason nominated by Devin Smith, seconded by Aidan Cockroft, and accepted the nomination. Cameron Etches nominated by Lachlan Faser, but declined the nomination. Callum Mason elected unopposed
 4. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for. Marc Lim nominated by Tyson Henning, seconded by Callum Mason, and declined the nomination. Maximillian von Neumann nominated by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Tyson Henning, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for. Marc Lim nominated by Maximillian von Neumann, seconded by Tyson Henning, and accepted the nomination. Dominic Osika nominated by Tyson Henning, seconded by Callum Mason, and accepted the nomination. Dominic Osika elected 11-7 with 4 abstentions.
 6. Members suggested that the Management Committee should reappoint all current Vice-Presidents, and the Management Committee agreed to do so.
 7. Motion: "That the Management Committee not buy new games but instead improve the Society's infrastructure and storage arrangements" proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Gary Johnson, and passed 10-6 with 6 abstentions.
 8. Motion: "That the Management Committee review and rationalise the Society's current inventory of games" proposed by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Gary Johnson, and passed 10-0 with 12 abstentions.
 9. Members discussed the lack of accessible storage facilities on campus, and recommended that the Management Committee lobby other clubs for support in requesting storage facilities from the UQ Union.
10. Aidan Cockroft reported to members on the recovery of the Society's chess equipment from the defunct Chess Club and the current use of that equipment.
11. Meeting closed 1:30 P.M.
