Minutes of the Special General Meeting 10 October 2011

Those in attendance: Simon Brown, Kit Burke, Amy Chan, Kevin Chua, Aidan Cockroft, Charelle Collette, Horatio Davis, Cameron Etches, Lachlan Fraser, Chris Greener, Michael Gunter, Bjorn Hake, Ben Haley, Tyson Henning, Jesse Irwin, Gary Johnson, Marc Lim, Callum Mason, Hugh Pearse, Lauren Roman, Devin Smith, Andrew Stephenson, Aaron Strating, Adelia Tan, Jeff Thomson, Maximillian von Neumann, Sebastian Winterflood.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Gary Johnson at 7:30 PM.
 2. President's report given by Sebastian Winterflood and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Devin Smith and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Hugh Pearse and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for. Jesse Irwin nominated by Sebastian Winterflood, seconded by Kit Burke, and accepted the nomination. Maximillian von Neumann nominated by Lachlan Faser, seconded by Charelle Collett, and accepted the nomination. nominated by Hugh Pearse, seconded by Devin Smith, and accepted the nomination. Marc Lim nominated by Devin Smith, seconded by Sebastian Winterflood, and accepted the nomination. Tyson Henning nominated by Kit Burke, seconded by Maximillian von Neumann, and accepted the nomination. Aidan Cockroft (12 votes) and Jesse Irwin (7 votes) proceed to second round of voting. Marc Lim (0 votes), Maximillian von Neumann (1 vote) and Tyson Henning (4 votes) eliminated after first round of voting. Aidan Cockroft elected 14-10 in second round of voting.
 4. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for. Jesse Irwin nominated by Tyson Henning, seconded by Hugh Pearse, and accepted the nomination. Maximillian von Neumann nominated by Charelle Collett, seconded by Lauren Roman, and accepted the nomination. Tyson Henning nominated by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Jesse Irwin, and accepted the nomination. Jesse Irwin elected 12-6-6 in first round of voting.
 5. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for. Maximillian von Neumann nominated by Lachlan Faser, seconded by Charelle Collett, and accepted the nomination. Marc Lim nominated by Sebastian Winterflood, seconded by Tyson Henning, and accepted the nomination. Maximillian von Neumann elected 16-7.
 6. Motion: "That Section 16b of the Constitution be changed from 'Each subsequent Annual General Meeting must be held within three (3) months after the end of the Society's previous financial year' to 'Each subsequent Annual General Meeting must be held within four (4) months after the end of the Society's previous financial year'." Proposed by Gary Johnson, seconded by Maximillian von Neumann, and passed unanimously.
 7. Members suggested that the Management Committee should appoint Tyson Henning as vice-president with responsibility for the integration, updating and ongoing maintenance of the Society's website and online resources, and the Management Committee agreed to do so.
 8. Members discussed buying new games, and after discussion of what games to buy and from which source, the issue was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
 9. Members discussed the reduced frequency of role-playing gaming at Society events, and requested clarification of the Society's role in providing a venue on campus for 'Living Forgotten Realms' events. The Management Committee undertook to contact the event organisers for additional information.
10. Aguido Horatio Davis reported to members on the activities of the Australian Go Association.
11. Meeting closed 8:15 P.M.
