Minutes of the Special General Meeting 9 October 2010

Those in attendance: Gilquin Amaud, Li Bowei, Kit Burke, Zihuan Chen, Horatio Davis, Lachlan Fraser, Tyson Henning, Jesse Irwin, Gary Johnson, Tyson McFarland, Nikolas Moore, Hugh Pearse, Devin Smith, Keir Swanborough, Dean Thomas, Max von Neumann, Hamish Wilson, Sebastian Winterflood.

 1. Meeting opened by Chairperson Gary Johnson at 1:00 PM.
 2. President's report given by Lachlan Fraser and accepted unanimously. Secretary's report given by Devin Smith and accepted unanimously. Treasurer's report given by Hugh Pearse and accepted unanimously.
 3. Nominations for the position of President called for. Sebastian Winterflood nominated by Lachlan Fraser, seconded by Max von Neumann, and accepted the nomination. Max von Neumann nominated by Dean Thomas and declined the nomination. Sebastian Winterflood elected unopposed.
 4. Nominations for the position of Secretary called for. Devin Smith nominated by Kit Burke, seconded by Tyson Henning, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 5. Nominations for the position of Treasurer called for. Hugh Pearse nominated by Sebastian Winterflood, seconded by Lachlan Fraser, accepted the nomination, and elected unopposed.
 6. Motion: "That the Management Committee investigate the purchase of the game 'Dominion' and its expansion packs." Proposed by Hamish Wilson, seconded by Tyson Henning, and passed unanimously.
 7. Members proposed that the Society acquire a copy of the game Dominion and its expansion packs. After discussion, the issue was referred to the Management Committee for further consideration and action.
 8. Members requested clarification of aspects of the Treasurer's Report, and were advised that Clubs and Societies now granted in-kind services in lieu of cash, and had been resolving grant overpayments and outstanding invoices from previous years.
 9. Members requested clarification of the Society's involvement in Magic: the Gathering events, and were advised that the Society was providing a venue for events organised by a third party.
10. Meeting closed 1:37 P.M.
