Minutes of the Annual General Meeting 2015
Members Present
    Thomas Bremner, Natasha Steiger, Alex Howell, Aidan Cockroft, Mitchell Klein, Jeff Choo (Jie Fu), Cathie Foot, Harvey Kay-Burman, Mark Opstelten, Simon Brown, Joel Fenwick, Yannik Rist, Catherine Shield, Rachel Dowe,  Kit Burke, Gary Johnson, Angelo Chan, Alia Stark, Corey Main, Lee Phillips, Yong Ming Lim, Ben Haley, Dom Osika, Leader Wong, Danae Mabilleau, James Thompson, Lachlan Siller 

Notion 1: President’s report Thomas Bremner
    Over the year we bought 2 suitcases and created a list of all the games, including where they are located.  
Notion 2: Treasurer’s report Ben Haley 
    The club currently has 74 members. The years income was $500 and expenditure was $1000. Audit was passed. 
Notion 3: Secretary’s report Alia Stark
    The club has a new banner with a new logo for use on Market Days.  
Nominations
    Description of the roles of the executive: The responsibilities of the roles are flexible across the three positions. The primary roles of the executive are to know where games are and to make sure games are brought to and returned from meetings. They also manage the members list, website/Facebook, income and room bookings. There are three roles, President, secretary and treasurer. 
President
    Self-nomination by Natasha Steiger, Thomas Bremner seconds
    No other nominations: vote is 26-0 in favour of president 
Treasurer
    Self-nomination by Thomas Bremner, Aidan Cockroft seconds 
    No other nominations: Vote is 26-0 in favour of treasurer 
Secretary
    Self-nomination by Catherine Shield, Thomas Bremner seconds  
    No other nominations: Vote is 26-0 in favour of secretary 
Motion 4: Yong Ming Lim reports on QUGS Magic 
    QUGS Magic will remain a part of QUGS, rather than a separate club, due to a lack of members. 
Motion 5: Occasional Saturday Meetings  Alia Stark 
    Saturday meetings have been suspended for the moment due to lack of interest. 
    Suggestion that Saturday Meetings may occur 3 or 4 times a year. (Harvey Kay-Burman)
    Suggestion that alternative games/activities are held on Saturdays. (Yong Ming Lim)
Motion 6: Possible Sponsorship with Zen Clubs Catherine Shield 
    Talks in progress to get sponsorship with Zen Clubs. Sponsorship would require creation of membership cards. 
Motion 7: Rotations of games Aidan Cockroft 
    Previously a limited selection of games were brought to club meetings. Now that there are two suitcases, both of them could be brought to meetings. 
Motion 8: Updating website Gary Johnson 
    The club needs to decide whether to maintain website. The website is currently used to store information about the club. It may be difficult to update the club website. Decision made to retain website.  Primarily requires new content to be supplied.
Meeting closed